hey everyone so today I'm doing a
clinical yay I'm a dominant ages and
show pony content to me saying that they
would love to see me a few things so oh
my gosh they see me a lot more than I
thought so I would do a whole because
I'm a dominant ages and I did it cheers
these things myself I just wasn't
expecting all of it so all of these
opinions and everything on my own
because obviously I chose these myself
so let's see and I'm gonna try
everything on as well so you can see how
it looks on my body
okay so I'm just going to jump straight
in I don't know okay so first of all I
picked up this it is a dress and all my
goodness it's just so gorgeous I head to
put this on my little list because it's
got kind of like cutouts across the
shoulders and across the I guess the
length of the arm I thought it'd be so
good for like any like dinners or for
clubbing or anything like that this
autumn it's it has got the longer
sleeves obviously they're not going to
be that warm so you could check it on
with a blazer or something vegetable is
really pretty and simple and it's kind
of like a chiffon material as well which
is my favorite for dresses I just love
the way it looks it's just so girly and
pretty I don't know next is kind of like
a bodycon dress and it's got this
pattern all down the front
this one is Navy and kind of like a
creamy white color and I just obsessed
with Navy at the moment I think it just
complements my skintone and it
complements my hair color really well so
I loved this one it's just got a kind of
scooped back so I think that'll be
really cute and you can wear this day or
night just with like you know heels at
nighttime or you could wear it with like
a jacket and some like sheer stockings
or something for the day so I think
that'd be really fun to experiment with
and I reckon I'll do a few like
instagrams and stuff if I remember as
well so you guys can see like my outfit
of the day and stuff
okay next in here oh my gosh I'm so
excited
they spoilt many those dress here I've
been wanting for a really long time I
was actually going to purchase it base
or on their website is basically like a
really kind of like a little loose
skater dress and it's got those kind of
like pleats at the bottom and in the
back it's just so pillow so be awkward
because I haven't like fact--and my body
today but I haven't
tend my back so and the little like
picture to the side it's going to look
like I've got a really patchy white back
and like marks from where I perfect
oh there's awkward but yeah I really
like it so when I go to wear this I have
to get Hamish to effect on my back for
me I'm assists with plaid of a minute by
the way I just got this box like really
recently and I haven't even opened a
door because I thought I'd do like an
unboxing that's why I'm like really
excited cuz I don't even like tried
anything one year so hopefully it all
fits real good I just got like size
small size 8 for everything so this is
like a little what they call that squat
oh my gosh I've wanted this forever and
it's been sold out everywhere then I
started on there and I was like oh my
gosh oh my gosh my gosh so excited so
basically it looks kind of like a skirt
from the front and then the back it
shorts and it's just like a navy blue
and red pattern I'm just loving this
trend at the moment and I think it's
really really cute for autumn this hair
is just adorable you guys know from an
Instagram post and Facebook and
everything that I am it assists was like
kimonos and cardigans they're like
really long loose drapey this is like
the same kind of thing but it's got that
lace print I am so freakin excited about
this I know I'm going to be wearing this
a lot during autumn and winter sometimes
we have those days where it's not really
really cold that you need a full-on
jacket and this will be perfect because
it still feels really warm but it's not
going to be like real heavy and hot like
a jacket will be this is just a really
loose singlet the way they styled us on
the website and what I want to try is
the head like a bralette like a lace
kind of Bradley I think this was if it
actually happened I don't know if I'm in
mentioning that but like a lace Bradley
underneath and the sides and I'll try
that on for you I think it'll just be so
cute for layering because I love
layering and like autumn and winter just
to keep warm and stall it really cute
because I hate just wearing like chunky
stuff all the time so you could wear
like the Bradley and in this and then
like a cardigan and then like a jacket
on top just to keep really warm and also
obviously you can with a string spring
so it's a really good piece beanie I
wanted a baby for ages and this one
looks so cute and warm it's so better
thick I thought it would be a lot
thinner than this but it's for like
knitting
and it's got a big pom-pom it's so cute
and then this gigantic Jersey oh my gosh
I'm so excited this just looks so warm
it's really really really soft like it
just feels like a bunny rabbit or
something obviously I've never wear a
bunny rabbits fur but it's so soft and
really thick so obviously this would be
a really perfect pointer as well and it
has a hook more tartan okay I am in love
with this I've seen so many people
wearing these and I've just been really
jealous cuz I didn't have one but it's
basically just like a tartan kind of
like over like you know like shirt so
you can either wear this like wrapped
around your waist or you can wear it
just like loose on top of the top you
can button it up and just wear it alone
so I just think this is really universal
for like autumn and I love the colors
again it's that Navy color Andrea and I
usually hate rude but peered out the
Navy I just in love so I think I'll get
so much wear out of this one this is
another dress looks a little bit
different than what I thought it did on
the website but it's still really cute
it's got like floaty arms and then it's
just a floaty like straight tree so
hopefully when I try it on - look good
on me because I've been loving like I
don't you know what the technical term
has gotten really bad with clothing but
like you know just straight dresses on
me instead of like fitted or skated
ruses which I normally wear this is kind
of like straight so I have been loving
them so hopefully this one looks good as
well of course I always go for spring
things I can't believe they sent me all
of this this is crazy
um this is the cutest spring dress event
even though it's like autumn here I
don't even care like I will with this
next spring okay it's like a high-neck
it goes all the way up backless dress I
think it's a dress is it a dress no it's
place so even better I love play so it's
because you have to worry about flashing
people in the wind yeah I just love the
colors and the patterns I just think
it's so pretty oh I just love it love
the pattern this is kind of like a
certain material I think really
lightweight and good for hot with it and
the last thing are these pants oh my
gosh I hope they fit me them up tiny
honor this trick it's all good well I
guess that is that's okay my ass will
fit and they're just long it kind of
like shiny
I just love stuff like this with basics
Oh with them all the time because I just
I have a few peers of similar things I
just thrash them
I just think they're perfect for autumn
or winter because you can literally peer
anything out with them and they're comfy
I don't really like jeans because I get
really uncomfortable eanes
so I hope you guys enjoyed this we haul
select wasn't really we I'm so
excited thank you so much to shan-pak
for sending me this stuff it's really
nice of you have actually purchased from
them in the past so it's really excited
to be able to work with them by the way
almost we got they offered me a discount
so I will list it down below for you
guys I hope you guys enjoy and thanks
for watching thumbs up if you liked this
video and I'll talk to you soon bye
I hope you guys really liked this
tutorial I loved dramatic I'm a college
think it's so fun every now and then I
don't think I'd wear this during the
daytime but for clubbing or for a party
I think it's perfect and I hope you did
like it as